The NetHunter Installer is basically just a zip file generated by build.py from the folder layout contained here.
Follow the instructions below to create the installer zip.
All you have to do is flash it through TWRP for a complete Kali NetHunter environment and chroot on your device.

The boot image patching script is loosely based on AnyKernel2 by osm0sis.

# Instructions

Example building for the Nexus 5 (hammerhead):
```sh
python build.py -d hammerhead --marshmallow
```
Building the kernel only (useful for testing if kernel works):
```sh
python build.py -d hammerhead --marshmallow -k
```
Building without the kernel (useful for just updating apps):
```sh
python build.py -d hammerhead --marshmallow -nk
```
Building with adding a full chroot (add kalifs-full.tar.xz to rootfs/[arch]/kalifs-full.tar.xz):
```sh
python build.py -d hammerhead --marshmallow --rootfs full
```
Create a release version:
```sh
python build.py -d hammerhead --marshmallow --rootfs full --release v3.0
```
Force download all third party apps:
```sh
python build.py --forcedown
```
Building the uninstaller:
```sh
python build.py --uninstaller
```
Show help:
```bash
python build.py -h
```

# How to add a new/unsupported device

All devices are contained in devices.cfg.  If you want to add your own device you would add something like:

```sh
# Full device name for CyanogenMod (or some other ROM)
[codename]
author = "Your Name"
version = "1.0"
kernelstring = "NetHunter kernel or any name to call your kernel"
arch = armhf
devicenames = codename codename2_if_it_has_one
block = /dev/block/WHATEVER/boot
```
Some devices have more then one codename like the OnePlus, or variants like the Nexus 7 2012/2013.  You should add multiple codenames to devicenames.  Getting the block location isn't too difficult, you can look at other kernels to see where they are installing their boot.img or you can also look at CyanogenMod device repo in the BoardConfig.mk file.

A reliable way to get the codename for your device is to run a terminal emulator or boot into recovery and do:  
`getprop ro.product.device`  
I also recommend adding the model name to devicenames as well, which you can get from:  
`getprop ro.product.model`  

If porting for CyanogenMod rather than stock, it's recommended to append cm to the codename in [], ex. `[codenamecm]`

Once you have a device added, you need to add a prebuilt kernel to the kernels folder.  It should be formatted as:  
`kernels/[androidversion]/[codename]/zImage` or `kernels/[androidversion]/[codename]/zImage-dtb`

Some devices might require a separate dtb file. You can place a dtb.img file in the same location as the zImage, and it will be automatically added to the installer.

So really all you need is a zImage and sometimes a dtb.img to build for a new device, as well as the name/location of where to install.

Don't forget to add your newly supported device's kernel sources to the kernels.txt file!

Fri Jan 15 11:36:18 EST 2016
